So we got your eyes right.
And we click it to it on.
So when we do on this fear heights of ability we have another option right there but we're going to
see it later.
But no it's concentrate only on this fear or repeat.
So as you see here when we turn on the VCR I really think it's too hot and hostile fire at the level
of the host.
So when we have a host by a lot what we should do it should restart the VM restart being using DMA is
part priority order.
So this is the rule that's going to use.
So let's get and see some options that we have in do.
Right.
And reality one by one.
So the first one filer and response you can config how we spend heyes audibility response to the final
condition on this cluster the full filer condition are supported.
Haast that means the first one is the host then host Israelian.
If you remember the host is relation like Mustard's league.
The VM component protection datastore we'd be n and ADP then Duveen and application.
So let's discover them one by one.
Of course if we disable enabling host monitor of course we only have to do it via monitoring when we're
active to hide.
Will it work at the level of the host.
And you see all this option is desirable only the host file response that have enabled we have disable
and enable.
Of course if we make disable that mean we disable the heights of ability.
So we need to make it enable to get to do benefits of the height of it.
But when we checked this one no we have to hide our ability at the level of the virtual machine.
That's me.
It will track the virtual machine only vim monitoring only the them and application monitoring.
Love it.
If you remember I told do that I heard a bit from Master hostel sleve house.
Then we have also I heard the beat to do virtual machine.
Also we have I heard the application Indu vitriol machine.
We're going to talk about it a little.
But as always this is like most other windsock like extremely other and so you should check carefully
when you use this one because you will get a lot lot of other in your environment.
So this is very very advanced and you should be attention to work with it.
So of course we work we do Haast monitoring and we have house fire response.
If we click on it to get more details we have two option are low you config host monitoring and fall
over on this cluster.
So the first one is disable lets mean we disable the horse trading day hostel which is journey of where
the center will not respond to the host by an hour.
When we chose this one if one of the host gets a fire look at the height of when not do anything.
But of course logically the height of ability should restart the virtual machine inside another available
host.
So we chose Wistar VM with a host Finder is detected VM will be restarted in order determinates by did
restart priority.
Of course they will restart the virtual machine but will take a priority order to restart the virtual
machine inside the stores.
As we talked before some mushy issues about it own Firstly they say the machine should be powered later.
For example the active their potential departed on the desk spacially to be voted on to give the IP
address for the different server the DNS etc..
Then we have some application that connected to that other bus.
For example the database virtual machine should be powered on first then the application connected to
just the babies should be powered later.
So what he ultimately chose Dooke order determinates by dear redstart priority from different tasks.
Then we have the option default VM restart the routine we chose between medium lowest and hightest.
You chose the restart Petrucci should take the restart priority as hightest as will or should use the
last one and then power start boated on one by one then we have VM dependency restart condition this
option Itek is in rotation about do virtual machine in the House do restart condition.
We see right where it used the resource allocated.
That's mean he will restart the virtual machine in a condition of the resource.
Then we have our own guests had to be detected.
That's mean he sent ahead to be to do operation system order every your machine and this heart beats
use it by the VM where.
And in the previous course I told you that's a DVM where truth is unnecessary software.
Every virtual machine created in your environment automatically you should still do VM withdrawal.
So does that mean we're all give you all look a lot of benefits.
And one of them is the Hertz bits between the virtual machine and the cluster that manage those virtual
machine didn't have the level of the application we detected to help it's up to a patient system the
application as valid inside the operating system.
Also have a heartbeat.
This one is more than that and we don't use it only if we have some huge environment.
And the priority of every virtual machine etc..
So this is something extremely sick but we always use resource allocated.
But let's get a quick overview about the different one.
So when we chose restos allocated here work automatically and deceit.
When we start a virtual machine when we chose Bharath own that's mean we in the first virtual machine
it on to go to the second one and it on.
Then when the Stigand want posted on here we've got to do it don't sit up he don't get about this.
This machine completes the power process or not.
He will start powering on one by one.
Then we have the guests head a bit deducted.
That's me.
When he powered the first machine of course all this actually happened when a horse gets filed.
When a horse is out of service you will start rebooting the virtual machine exists in that host.
In other hosts with this condition this gets hurt bit detected.
That's me.
The second group or virtual machine because we create some group for example the group number one.
Number two didn't do group number three.
Restarting the group number for the first group in the toast will be powered on.
And then when he did text that the operating system in that first machine or that first group of machine
powered on it will send our heart beats to the operating system.
When the system respond that yes the operating system is powered on perfectly and no problem detected
then it will start bolted on the second machine or the second group of machine that showed started at
the second priority.
So for that use do her best to detect if the operating system is bolted on.
And of course he to white angel to get the head beat when he power a virtual machine.
He gets about 600 SIGINT to get.
I heard.
When we powered the first machine.
He weighs about six hundred six and we tend heard the beat.
If he gets the head start powering the ticket machine.
If he does not get in your head it's after six hundred.
Second it will automatically go to the second machine and bought on because it is illegibly true way
to the first machine to put it on and all the upcoming machine state both of which do get hurt.
So for that he automatically ignored the beads from the first match your machine and the go to the stick
do and then pour it on.
Give it a 600 second.
If he does not get in a head to beat he would go to the third one if he gets a heart it's only after
one minute he will start to do one and so on and so on.
And the same for do of her beats for example if you add at the base server in the first group and up
server in a second group in this situation for example is somebody a machine for the database and the
second video machine for the server.
That's connected with the database of a server.
We'll wait till the database is up and running with a heartbeat.
That's mean when hit power on the virtual machine.
That's how the database.
He didn't give it a six hundred.
So good to get.
I heard tweets from the application of the database not only to open it and then know he will wait to
do application to be ready to respond.
That is when you power a virtual machine.
The operating system parted and then the database start work.
After one or two minutes it will take time to read this application.
When this application powered on and ready to use it it will send a heartbeat to do cluster.
That's yes.
The application is ready for work.
Then will star power and on the second virtual machine about a do up server that is that database.
But of course also in some reason system enables to get the head to be application server.
We're waiting for 600 segment before it start.
If something wrong happened to do that base and there's not a stand in a debates here will automatically
wait after 600 sick.
Then he will power on the stick and the virtual machine or the second group of it through the machine.
So this is the idea about this option.
Of course we use the resources allocated because just head to bits and obligacion had to beat something
other than extremely others and you need to have open them and the application but do read about it
on it starts one by one.
Then it is allocated.
You know if there are more space to bolt on a modern military machine if for example power.
The first virtual machine the industry can do what they want to power on the machine but the resellers
in the other host does not support the Turing machine so he will stop at only those ones that have results.
So this is the different option that we are.
And next we'll see the other options we see in the next video.